RDoc-2623 Create one description for Allowed IPs (#1768)
ravendb/docs: Documentation/4.2/Raven.Documentation.Pages/cloud/cloud-security.markdown

####Access your product  

> To access your product your IP address must be in `Allowed IPs` list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To access your product your IP address must be added to the `Allowed IPs` list.
```

> To access your product your IP address must be in `Allowed IPs` list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To access your product your IP address must be in one of the CIDR ranges of `Allowed IPs` list. Allowed IPs entries are [CIDR ranges](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Classless_Inter-Domain_Routing) that define networks from which the connection is allowed.
```

- You can set **Allowed IPs** to `0.0.0.0/0`, which would allow access from any location, or you can specify certain IPs
  or IP ranges.
- Be aware that you will not be able to access your instance from locations that are not specified in the allowed IPs
  list.
- You can **edit the list at any time** through the Portal.

> - Regardless of the allowed IPs setting, your RavenDB Cloud **instances will always require authentication** using X509

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Regardless of the allowed IPs setting, your RavenDB Cloud **instances will always require authentication** using X.509
```

  certificates for access. The allowed IPs list serves as an additional layer of security, but isn't the only one.

{WARNING: }
Azure products **do not permit** overlapping of addresses in the Allowed IPs list.  

> If addresses in your list overlap, your product will not be created. E.g. -

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If addresses in your list overlap, an error is going to be displayed upon product creation. E.g. -
```
